[DRAFT] samples: nrf9160: modem_shell: add LwM2M cloud support (#9278)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/nrf9160/modem_shell/README.rst

   west build -p -b nrf9160dk_nrf9160_ns -- -DOVERLAY_CONFIG=overlay-rtt.conf

> LwM2M support

Reviewer: Question, so this can be used in generic ways? What about the commands? are there certain limitations and tight couplings with custom implementation?

Secondly, maybe worth to add link for the instructions, i.e. how to  setup the server side. It seems that lwm2m client sample is having some instructions.

Author: The LwM2M support is generic as such, however the location assistance uses proprietary objects and can be currently used only with AVSystem's Coiote server. mosh should be able to connect to other servers as well, but the functionality will be limited.

I'm adding a note about this in the documentation and a link to instructions how the server can be configured.

=============

> To build the MoSh sample with LwM2M support, use the ``-DOVERLAY_CONFIG=overlay-lwm2m_client.conf`` option and set the used Pre-Shared-Key (PSK) using :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MOSH_LWM2M_PSK`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To build the MoSh sample with LwM2M support, use the ``-DOVERLAY_CONFIG=overlay-lwm2m_client.conf`` option and set the used Pre-Shared-Key (PSK) using :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MOSH_LWM2M_PSK` Kconfig option.
```

> The LwM2M server address can be changed by setting :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CLIENT_UTILS_SERVER`.
> P-GPS support can be enabled by using the optional overlay ``overlay-lwm2m_client_pgps.conf``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can change the LwM2M server address by setting :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CLIENT_UTILS_SERVER`.
To enable P-GPS support, use the optional overlay :file:`overlay-lwm2m_client_pgps.conf` file.
```

Author: @peknis Was the ordering of words intentional? Just wondering if "overlay file :file:`overlay-lwm2m_client_pgps.conf`" would be better?

Author: Because the overlays were modified, two overlay files are now needed. Updated the text accordingly.

Reviewer 2: My bad. Absolutely "overlay file ..."

For example:

.. code-block:: console

>    west build -p -b nrf9160dk_nrf9160_ns -- -DOVERLAY_CONFIG=overlay-lwm2m_client.conf -DCONFIG_MOSH_LWM2M_PSK=\"000102030405060708090a0b0c0d0e0f\"

Reviewer: Maybe worth to add also example of building with p-gps support

Author: Yes, will do.

> To establish connection to the LwM2M server:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the following command to establish connection to the LwM2M server:
```

.. code-block:: console

   mosh:~$ cloud_lwm2m connect
   LwM2M: Starting LwM2M client
   LwM2M: Registration complete

> To disconnect from the LwM2M server:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the following command to disconnect from the LwM2M server:
```

   west build -p -b nrf9160dk_nrf9160_ns -- -DOVERLAY_CONFIG=overlay-rtt.conf

LwM2M support
=============

Before building and running the sample, select the LwM2M server for testing.

> Follow the instructions in :ref:`server_setup_lwm2m` to setup the server and register your device to the server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Follow the instructions in :ref:`server_setup_lwm2m` to set up the server and register your device to the server.
```

> Please note, that location assistance uses a proprietary mechanism to fetch location assistance data from nRF Cloud by proxying it through the LwM2M server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Location assistance uses a proprietary mechanism to fetch location assistance data from nRF Cloud by proxying it through the LwM2M server.
```

This sample uses the following |NCS| libraries:

* :ref:`at_cmd_parser_readme`
* :ref:`lib_date_time`
* :ref:`lib_location`
* :ref:`lte_lc_readme`

> * :ref:`lib_lwm2m_client_utils`

Reviewer 3: Add also lib_lwm2m_location_assistance

Author: Yes, I'll add it.
